BT API (#2374)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/api/error-reporting.md

## What You'll Need

- A Backtrace account ([log in](https://backtrace.io/login) or sign up for a [free trial license](https://backtrace.io/sign-up)).
- Your subdomain name (used to connect to your Backtrace instance). For example, `https://example-subdomain.sp.backtrace.io`.
- A Backtrace project and an API token.

## Submit Crash

<details><summary><span className="api post">POST</span><code>http://api.backtrace.io/post</code></summary>
<p/>

Submits crash object to Backtrace instance.

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
   <tbody>
      <tr>
         <td><code>token</code></td>
         <td>
            <p><small>| QUERY | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p>
            <p>Your API token.</p>
         </td>
      </tr>
   </tbody>
   <tbody>
      <tr>
         <td><code>format</code></td>
         <td>
            <p><small>| QUERY | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p>
            <p>The format of the crash you are submitting. Default value is <code>json</code>.</p>
         </td>
      </tr>
   </tbody>
   <tbody>
      <tr>
         <td><code>_mod_sync</code></td>
         <td>
            <p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | BOOLEAN |</small></p>

>             <p>It allows to perform synchronous submissions. By default, submissions are asynchronous, setting this parameter to <code>true</code> it perfroms synchronous submissions. To perform it, the submission token must have the <code>sync:post</code> capability in addition to <code>error:post</code> and/or <code>symbol:post</code>.</p>

Author: ```suggestion
            <p>It allows you to perform synchronous submissions. By default, submissions are asynchronous; setting this parameter to <code>true</code> performs synchronous submissions. To perform it, the submission token must have the <code>sync:post</code> capability in addition to <code>error:post</code> and/or <code>symbol:post</code>. It is important to note that using this param could cause performance issues. </p>
```

>             <p>It allows you to perform synchronous submissions. By default, submissions are asynchronous; setting this parameter to <code>true</code> performs synchronous submissions. To perform it, the submission token must have the <code>sync:post</code> capability in addition to <code>error:post</code> and/or <code>symbol:post</code>. It is important to note that using this param could cause performance issues. </p>

Author: ```suggestion
            <p>It allows you to perform synchronous submissions. By default, submissions are asynchronous; setting this parameter to <code>true</code> performs synchronous submissions. To perform it, the submission token must have the <code>sync:post</code> capability in addition to <code>error:post</code> and/or <code>symbol:post</code>. It is important to note that using this parameter could cause performance issues.</p>
```

            <ul>
               <li><code>text</code> - A string that provides the full source file or a subset of it. If provided, then also <code>startline</code> should be provided. If not provided, then <code>path</code> must be provided.</li>
               <li><code>startLine</code> - An integer value that provides the line number that the provided text starts on. It is required if <code>text</code> is provided. First line is 1.</li>
               <li><code>startColumn</code> - An integer value that provides the column number that the first byte in the <code>text</code> segment is. First column is 1.</li>
               <li><code>startPos</code> - An integer value that provides the absolute byte index in the original file that the provided segment is part of. First byte is 0.</li>
               <li><code>path</code> - A string value that provides the file system path to the original source code file. If not provided, then <code>text</code> must be provided.</li>

>                <li><code>tabWidth</code> - An integer value that inform source code display how many spaces a tab should represent.</li>

Reviewer: inform -> informs
